hi youtubers this is a um this is a
little thing I made I made a homemade
tripod for my arm ipod nano for my ipod
nano 5th generation and i made it be
custom i started making them youtube
videos but just having it in there
making YouTube videos and how I they
make built this was I took a dollar
store digital camera tripod i bought
this at the dollar store because i knew
i could make it out of this and this is
what it looks like packed away so it's
really just the top with like this
little screw piece right here for the
bowl and then just has the three legs on
three legs open up by yeah kick out the
two front legs all the way like you
don't even really kick them out they
just push out like sideways like that
and um how i made the tripod for the for
my um ipod nano is i just bought one of
those uh digital camera tripods at the
dollar store got one of binder clips and
see that little nub right there little
screw i literally just clamped it on
there really hard nice and tight and
then i took a piece of tape and I taped
it I taped it right here and to the 21
on the binder clip like metal things
taped it on the outside then on the
inside I didn't tape it again right here
I actually took off I took a piece of
tape ripped it in half and made like a
little line and I did it right here on
the side like I bent it down
then on the sides right there keep in
place so when you move it stay all right
there and let's hide it in how to put
the ipod in it is I punch this take it
off then take my then take my ipod on
sir I just do this I joy in this tripod
also works for the digital camera so
I'll just put it on that for right now
take my ipod I'll put that down salon
that's out of the way and with this this
is a piece that came in the box with
their ipod now to UM like hold it in
like that I guess just to keep it in
this place in the box like I do is
rebound that again and put in the little
nooks and everything that has pop it in
there don't worry this won't scratch
your ipod unless metals touching it see
then i'll just go to video camera
and notice that it's the camera part is
up top and even though that there's like
a little like film here you can just
barely see that why it's like it's still
clear enough that it'll come out perfect
and there's a little video class I see
it's like picture-perfect nice and clear
it's just like have taken a video with
your ipod nano out of its thing and then
this is what it looks like on sec and
then to put it on just flip this piece
right here back up pinch it put it as
far down on the little knob as you can
get it try not to make it move around
too much like sideways like that flip it
down or whatever doesn't really matter
what you do with it I prefer to flip it
down but that's how I do it and then
look there's your tripod and then you
can also move it sideways like that sigh
this is a glare on my screen and it's
picture-perfect and then you can also
move it down and up till so is my
homemade tripod and it is also sturdy
too like it's not going to fall he's
gotta be a little bit gentle with it
flip that down and then lucky can just
record or if you like and that's it
thank you for watching leave a comment
subscribe and yes mam befriend ok bye